#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
astroid==2.4.2
    # via pylint
babel==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
codecov==2.1.11
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   codecov
cryptography==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ddt==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-extra-views==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-haystack==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-oscar==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-phonenumber-field==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-tables2==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-treebeard==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-waffle==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django==2.2.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   jsonfield2
djangorestframework==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
faker==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   factory-boy
idna==2.10
    # via requests
isort==4.3.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pylint
jsonfield2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via astroid
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
phonenumbers==8.12.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
pillow==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
purl==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pylint==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
qrcode==6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
requests==2.25.1
    # via codecov
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   cryptography
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-extra-views
    #   mock
    #   purl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
sorl-thumbnail==12.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
testfixtures==6.17.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via pylint
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via astroid
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via requests
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
